Add staging environment to submission guide (#39)
NBISweden/bp-sweden-web: datasets/submission/submission-guide.qmd

This guide contains instructions on how to upload data to BigPicture.
We will take you through the process step by step. 

0.  [Test submission](#test-submission)
1.  [Sign and send Terms of Use form](#send-terms-of-use-form)
2.  [Install the sda-cli tool](#install-the-sda-cli-tool)
3.  [Download the encryption key](#download-the-encryption-key)
4.  [Encrypt the files](#encrypt-the-files)
5.  [Submit your files](#submit-your-files)
6.  [Notify us](#notify-us)

## Test submission {#test-submission}

We highly recommend that you first do a small submission to our [staging](https://staging-login.bp.nbis.se/) environment, this way we can avoid requiring you to re-upload terabytes of data.

> We recommend that you upload two images and generate metadata for them according to the preparation guide, please include all XML files don't forget the `PRIAVET` folder or the `LANDING_PAGE` (in case you want one of those).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you upload two images and generate metadata for them according to the preparation guide, please include all XML files don't forget the `PRIVATE` folder or the `LANDING_PAGE` (in case you want one of those).
```

We highly recommend that you first do a small submission to our [staging](https://staging-login.bp.nbis.se/) environment, this way we can avoid requiring you to re-upload terabytes of data.

> We recommend that you upload two images and generate metadata for them according to the preparation guide, please include all XML files don't forget the `PRIVATE` folder or the `LANDING_PAGE` (in case you want one of those).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you upload two images and generate metadata for them according to the preparation guide. Please include all XML files, and don't forget the `PRIVATE` folder or the `LANDING_PAGE` (in case you want to use either of those).
```

Reviewer 2: I don't quite understand why it is "`PRIVATE` folder **or** the `LANDING_PAGE`", can't it be both of them?

Reviewer 2: What about this

```
We recommend that you upload two images and generate metadata for them according to the preparation guide. Please include all XML files, the `PRIVATE` folder (always required), and the `LANDING_PAGE` folder (if you want a landing page).
```
